YouTube Video: Full Tutorial: Build an AI Life Co-Pilot with Claude Code in 25 Minutes | Alex Finn

Author: Peter Yang
Duration: 25 minutes 50 seconds
Views: 41,292

Description:
Today, I want to share a new episode with Alex Finn.

Alex is a founder who has built a complete “Claude Life” operating system to automate research, curate AI news, analyze brain dumps, and more. I asked him to walk through exactly how to set up this system using Claude Code slash commands and sub-agents in just 25 minutes.

Alex and I talked about:
(00:00) How Alex uses Claude Code to automate his life 
(04:18) Inside "Claude Life" — Alex’s life operating system 
(05:29) The newsletter research agent that saves hours weekly
(09:09) How to use custom slash commands and sub-agents 
(14:41) The most important skill that everyone needs in 2025
(18:01) Brain dump analysis to find new content pillars
(21:14) Daily brief agent that aggregates AI news

Get the takeaways: https://creatoreconomy.so/p/full-tutorial-build-an-ai-life-copilot-with-claude-code-alex-finn

Where to find Alex:
X: https://x.com/AlexFinnX
Website: https://www.creatorbuddy.io/

📌 Subscribe to this channel – more interviews coming soon!

---

Transcript:
What Claude life is is an entire What Claude life is is an entire What Claude life is is an entire operating system basically for my life. operating system basically for my life. operating system basically for my life. Every Thursday I wake up, I type in Every Thursday I wake up, I type in Every Thursday I wake up, I type in /newsletter researcher. It goes, it /newsletter researcher. It goes, it /newsletter researcher. It goes, it writes me a draft. I then go into the writes me a draft. I then go into the writes me a draft. I then go into the draft, edit it, make it my own, and it draft, edit it, make it my own, and it draft, edit it, make it my own, and it saves me couple hours a week. It's saves me couple hours a week. It's saves me couple hours a week. It's basically you and Claude, right, that basically you and Claude, right, that basically you and Claude, right, that built this startup. built this startup. built this startup. Exactly. Me and Claude, my $200 a month Exactly. Me and Claude, my $200 a month Exactly. Me and Claude, my $200 a month employee Claude Code. Whatever task you employee Claude Code. Whatever task you employee Claude Code. Whatever task you do during the day, think how can I do during the day, think how can I do during the day, think how can I implement AI into this task? I think one implement AI into this task? I think one implement AI into this task? I think one of the most important skills you can of the most important skills you can of the most important skills you can have in 2025 have in 2025 have in 2025 is Okay, welcome everyone. My guest today Okay, welcome everyone. My guest today Okay, welcome everyone. My guest today is Alex, a friend and fellow creator. is Alex, a friend and fellow creator. is Alex, a friend and fellow creator. And Alex has this insane setup where he And Alex has this insane setup where he And Alex has this insane setup where he uses clock code and cursor to do uses clock code and cursor to do uses clock code and cursor to do research, get a life device, and research, get a life device, and research, get a life device, and basically automate all his work in life. basically automate all his work in life. basically automate all his work in life. So, I'm really excited to get him to So, I'm really excited to get him to So, I'm really excited to get him to show us his entire system today and talk show us his entire system today and talk show us his entire system today and talk about how you can set up something very about how you can set up something very about how you can set up something very similar. So, welcome, Alex. similar. So, welcome, Alex. similar. So, welcome, Alex. Good to be here, Peter. I've been uh Good to be here, Peter. I've been uh Good to be here, Peter. I've been uh following your content for for a very following your content for for a very following your content for for a very long time. So, I'm happy to be on the long time. So, I'm happy to be on the long time. So, I'm happy to be on the show. So, let's just dive right into it, show. So, let's just dive right into it, show. So, let's just dive right into it, right? Let's talk about Clockode. Like, right? Let's talk about Clockode. Like, right? Let's talk about Clockode. Like, what what is it and what do you love so what what is it and what do you love so what what is it and what do you love so much about it? much about it? much about it? So, there are a million different AI So, there are a million different AI So, there are a million different AI coding tools out there. They're kind of coding tools out there. They're kind of coding tools out there. They're kind of like your mainline AI coding tools like like your mainline AI coding tools like like your mainline AI coding tools like Cursor, like Claude Code, and they're Cursor, like Claude Code, and they're Cursor, like Claude Code, and they're like more prototyping tools like VO, like more prototyping tools like VO, like more prototyping tools like VO, Vzero, Bolt, Replet. Claude Code's my Vzero, Bolt, Replet. Claude Code's my Vzero, Bolt, Replet. Claude Code's my favorite. Uh, it's been my favorite favorite. Uh, it's been my favorite favorite. Uh, it's been my favorite since launch back I think like in since launch back I think like in since launch back I think like in February it came out. It is the best. February it came out. It is the best. February it came out. It is the best. It's the most comparable to Cursor. So, It's the most comparable to Cursor. So, It's the most comparable to Cursor. So, it's a basically an entire uh AI tool it's a basically an entire uh AI tool it's a basically an entire uh AI tool that builds you full scale complex code. that builds you full scale complex code. that builds you full scale complex code. So, it can build you entire apps. Uh I So, it can build you entire apps. Uh I So, it can build you entire apps. Uh I personally run it inside a development personally run it inside a development personally run it inside a development environment so I can see the code run as environment so I can see the code run as environment so I can see the code run as it's being built and all of that. Uh but it's being built and all of that. Uh but it's being built and all of that. Uh but it is an AI agent. It's it's actually in it is an AI agent. It's it's actually in it is an AI agent. It's it's actually in honesty just an AI agent period. But honesty just an AI agent period. But honesty just an AI agent period. But it's one they market as a code builder. it's one they market as a code builder. it's one they market as a code builder. So as we get later into this I'll show So as we get later into this I'll show So as we get later into this I'll show you how I use it for things other than you how I use it for things other than you how I use it for things other than coding. But it's basically an AI agent. coding. But it's basically an AI agent. coding. But it's basically an AI agent. They market it as a code builder. They market it as a code builder. They market it as a code builder. Yeah. Yeah. And and it's interesting to Yeah. Yeah. And and it's interesting to Yeah. Yeah. And and it's interesting to see how clock and cursor are kind of on see how clock and cursor are kind of on see how clock and cursor are kind of on this collision course cuz you've this collision course cuz you've this collision course cuz you've literally like set up clock inside literally like set up clock inside literally like set up clock inside cursor. So so maybe maybe you can show cursor. So so maybe maybe you can show cursor. So so maybe maybe you can show us uh how to do that and also like why us uh how to do that and also like why us uh how to do that and also like why you prefer it over like the command line you prefer it over like the command line you prefer it over like the command line interface. interface. interface. Yeah, for sure. Uh so let me share my Yeah, for sure. Uh so let me share my Yeah, for sure. Uh so let me share my cursor. Uh here we go. So this is cursor. Uh here we go. So this is cursor. Uh here we go. So this is cursor. It's just obviously a fork of VS cursor. It's just obviously a fork of VS cursor. It's just obviously a fork of VS code. Uh, but the one added benefit is code. Uh, but the one added benefit is code. Uh, but the one added benefit is this AI agent they put in here. But I this AI agent they put in here. But I this AI agent they put in here. But I don't like this AI agent as much. Uh, I don't like this AI agent as much. Uh, I don't like this AI agent as much. Uh, I don't think it's as intelligent as uh, don't think it's as intelligent as uh, don't think it's as intelligent as uh, Claude Code, which what I did here is I Claude Code, which what I did here is I Claude Code, which what I did here is I opened up my terminal control till day opened up my terminal control till day opened up my terminal control till day if you're on Mac. Uh, and basically all if you're on Mac. Uh, and basically all if you're on Mac. Uh, and basically all you need to do to install Claude Code is you need to do to install Claude Code is you need to do to install Claude Code is you go on like uh, you go on like uh, you go on like uh, enthropic.com/cloudcode enthropic.com/cloudcode enthropic.com/cloudcode and you paste in the command that and you paste in the command that and you paste in the command that installs Claude Code and boom, you have installs Claude Code and boom, you have installs Claude Code and boom, you have Claude Code good to go. It's now in your Claude Code good to go. It's now in your Claude Code good to go. It's now in your terminal. And so it's made to run in any terminal. And so it's made to run in any terminal. And so it's made to run in any terminal. They didn't really intend you terminal. They didn't really intend you terminal. They didn't really intend you to run it in cursor, but that's what I to run it in cursor, but that's what I to run it in cursor, but that's what I do. Once you have it installed, I just do. Once you have it installed, I just do. Once you have it installed, I just type in claude, hit enter, and it's uh type in claude, hit enter, and it's uh type in claude, hit enter, and it's uh good to go here. Just hit proceed. And good to go here. Just hit proceed. And good to go here. Just hit proceed. And basically, I now have an AI agent basically, I now have an AI agent basically, I now have an AI agent running in my terminal inside cursor running in my terminal inside cursor running in my terminal inside cursor that can write me code and do whatever I that can write me code and do whatever I that can write me code and do whatever I tell it to do. tell it to do. tell it to do. And I I think what really blew me away And I I think what really blew me away And I I think what really blew me away with your claw code stuff is is your with your claw code stuff is is your with your claw code stuff is is your claw live project, right? So, can you claw live project, right? So, can you claw live project, right? So, can you open open it up? open open it up? open open it up? Let's do it. So, I uh I put out a video Let's do it. So, I uh I put out a video Let's do it. So, I uh I put out a video uh a few weeks now about how I use uh a few weeks now about how I use uh a few weeks now about how I use Claude code to run my life. And I Claude code to run my life. And I Claude code to run my life. And I basically been searching for a while. basically been searching for a while. basically been searching for a while. Like I I knew Claude Code was Like I I knew Claude Code was Like I I knew Claude Code was unbelievably powerful. I also knew that unbelievably powerful. I also knew that unbelievably powerful. I also knew that there were things it could do outside of there were things it could do outside of there were things it could do outside of coding that would be amazing, but I I coding that would be amazing, but I I coding that would be amazing, but I I was kind of searching for those use was kind of searching for those use was kind of searching for those use cases because it's at its heart, it's cases because it's at its heart, it's cases because it's at its heart, it's just an AI agent, right? It's it's not just an AI agent, right? It's it's not just an AI agent, right? It's it's not it it's it it's marketed as a coder, it it's it it's marketed as a coder, it it's it it's marketed as a coder, but really all it does is just do but really all it does is just do but really all it does is just do whatever you ask it to do. And so what I whatever you ask it to do. And so what I whatever you ask it to do. And so what I came up with over these last couple came up with over these last couple came up with over these last couple months, I call Claude life. And let me months, I call Claude life. And let me months, I call Claude life. And let me pull that open. pull that open. pull that open. And basically what Claude life is is an And basically what Claude life is is an And basically what Claude life is is an entire entire entire operating system basically for my life. operating system basically for my life. operating system basically for my life. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. And I have an entire system in it. I And I have an entire system in it. I And I have an entire system in it. I have a system of brain dumps which are have a system of brain dumps which are have a system of brain dumps which are basically just notes I write and ideas I basically just notes I write and ideas I basically just notes I write and ideas I put out. I have things for YouTube, for put out. I have things for YouTube, for put out. I have things for YouTube, for my newsletter, uh for daily briefs, so my newsletter, uh for daily briefs, so my newsletter, uh for daily briefs, so daily rundowns of my life. These are all daily rundowns of my life. These are all daily rundowns of my life. These are all basically kind of automated processes basically kind of automated processes basically kind of automated processes that claude code can go through with that claude code can go through with that claude code can go through with just a slash command. And for those who just a slash command. And for those who just a slash command. And for those who don't know at home, a slash command is a don't know at home, a slash command is a don't know at home, a slash command is a command you a custom command you can command you a custom command you can command you a custom command you can make by doing slash something. make by doing slash something. make by doing slash something. And so I built a whole bunch of slash And so I built a whole bunch of slash And so I built a whole bunch of slash commands that are totally custom that do commands that are totally custom that do commands that are totally custom that do specific things. specific things. specific things. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have one that tracks my mood. I have I have one that tracks my mood. I have I have one that tracks my mood. I have one that tracks um a daily check-in. one that tracks um a daily check-in. one that tracks um a daily check-in. Every night I do a daily check-in where Every night I do a daily check-in where Every night I do a daily check-in where it asks what I did that day and tracks it asks what I did that day and tracks it asks what I did that day and tracks what I did that day. I have like a what I did that day. I have like a what I did that day. I have like a weekly rundown one and my favorite which weekly rundown one and my favorite which weekly rundown one and my favorite which is the newsletter researcher. is the newsletter researcher. is the newsletter researcher. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And what that is is I write a weekly And what that is is I write a weekly And what that is is I write a weekly newsletter. Uh I have as you are you're newsletter. Uh I have as you are you're newsletter. Uh I have as you are you're a newsletter writer as well. I have a newsletter writer as well. I have a newsletter writer as well. I have 40,000 subscribers on my Substack. Uh, 40,000 subscribers on my Substack. Uh, 40,000 subscribers on my Substack. Uh, I've been writing this newsletter for I've been writing this newsletter for I've been writing this newsletter for close to 40 years now and it is one of close to 40 years now and it is one of close to 40 years now and it is one of the most rewarding content channels I the most rewarding content channels I the most rewarding content channels I have, but it's also one of the most have, but it's also one of the most have, but it's also one of the most exhausting, right? It takes up a lot of exhausting, right? It takes up a lot of exhausting, right? It takes up a lot of time. Uh, as you I I write all my own time. Uh, as you I I write all my own time. Uh, as you I I write all my own newsletters. I do all the research, all newsletters. I do all the research, all newsletters. I do all the research, all that. And so, I wanted to find a way. A that. And so, I wanted to find a way. A that. And so, I wanted to find a way. A lot of people when they get to high lot of people when they get to high lot of people when they get to high levels of content, they they kind of levels of content, they they kind of levels of content, they they kind of hire out the newsletter. They no longer hire out the newsletter. They no longer hire out the newsletter. They no longer kind of write the newsletter. They kind of write the newsletter. They kind of write the newsletter. They either hire out researchers or hire either hire out researchers or hire either hire out researchers or hire people to write them. I don't have any people to write them. I don't have any people to write them. I don't have any employees. I do everything myself. And employees. I do everything myself. And employees. I do everything myself. And so I wanted to come up with like my own so I wanted to come up with like my own so I wanted to come up with like my own AI employee that does that. And so I AI employee that does that. And so I AI employee that does that. And so I built the uh newsletter researcher in my built the uh newsletter researcher in my built the uh newsletter researcher in my life OS as well. life OS as well. life OS as well. Yeah. So let let's kind of actually go Yeah. So let let's kind of actually go Yeah. So let let's kind of actually go deep on that one. deep on that one. deep on that one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How did you go like step by step? Yeah. How did you go like step by step? Yeah. How did you go like step by step? Yeah. I have in here I have a a I have a I have in here I have a a I have a I have in here I have a a I have a folder in my life. So this is just a folder in my life. So this is just a folder in my life. So this is just a folder on my computer, folder on my computer, folder on my computer, right? This is a folder in my computer I right? This is a folder in my computer I right? This is a folder in my computer I opened up inside of cursor. And inside opened up inside of cursor. And inside opened up inside of cursor. And inside this folder, I created a bunch of this folder, I created a bunch of this folder, I created a bunch of subfolders for notes I take for brain subfolders for notes I take for brain subfolders for notes I take for brain dumps. Every day I go and I just brain dumps. Every day I go and I just brain dumps. Every day I go and I just brain dump whatever's on my mind. Uh, and then dump whatever's on my mind. Uh, and then dump whatever's on my mind. Uh, and then I have a newsletter folder. And in this I have a newsletter folder. And in this I have a newsletter folder. And in this newsletter folder, I have a file, a newsletter folder, I have a file, a newsletter folder, I have a file, a markdown file. Everything needs to be markdown file. Everything needs to be markdown file. Everything needs to be markdown files called newsletter links. markdown files called newsletter links. markdown files called newsletter links. And I put in a bunch of my important And I put in a bunch of my important And I put in a bunch of my important links and competitors, including links and competitors, including links and competitors, including yourself, that I think make fantastic yourself, that I think make fantastic yourself, that I think make fantastic newsletters. These are these are newsletters. These are these are newsletters. These are these are basically the only newsletters I read on basically the only newsletters I read on basically the only newsletters I read on a regular basis. So I put them all in a regular basis. So I put them all in a regular basis. So I put them all in here because I really like them and I'm here because I really like them and I'm here because I really like them and I'm inspired by them. inspired by them. inspired by them. And Claude Code has the ability has a And Claude Code has the ability has a And Claude Code has the ability has a tool to do web searches and read the tool to do web searches and read the tool to do web searches and read the internet and scrape websites. And so I internet and scrape websites. And so I internet and scrape websites. And so I set up a slashnewsletter researcher set up a slashnewsletter researcher set up a slashnewsletter researcher command which it's all done with a command which it's all done with a command which it's all done with a prompt. You can put in a prompt, say, prompt. You can put in a prompt, say, prompt. You can put in a prompt, say, hey, I want a newsletter researcher. hey, I want a newsletter researcher. hey, I want a newsletter researcher. Build the slash command. Do this. Uh, Build the slash command. Do this. Uh, Build the slash command. Do this. Uh, and I can give you the prompt so you can and I can give you the prompt so you can and I can give you the prompt so you can put it. Uh, it's a pretty lengthy put it. Uh, it's a pretty lengthy put it. Uh, it's a pretty lengthy prompt. prompt. prompt. Um, but basically it says, "Hey, go into Um, but basically it says, "Hey, go into Um, but basically it says, "Hey, go into my newsletter links. my newsletter links. my newsletter links. Read all of the newsletters in there. Read all of the newsletters in there. Read all of the newsletters in there. See what their latest newsletters are. See what their latest newsletters are. See what their latest newsletters are. See what the topics they're talking See what the topics they're talking See what the topics they're talking about are. See the languaging they're about are. See the languaging they're about are. See the languaging they're using, what the news are, what anything using, what the news are, what anything using, what the news are, what anything important going on in their newsletters. important going on in their newsletters. important going on in their newsletters. then find what's trending, what's been then find what's trending, what's been then find what's trending, what's been talked about multiple times, what might talked about multiple times, what might talked about multiple times, what might fit in with my brand, fit in with my brand, fit in with my brand, and then write me a newsletter draft in and then write me a newsletter draft in and then write me a newsletter draft in my voice. my voice. my voice. And so if I go here and I go And so if I go here and I go And so if I go here and I go slashnewsletter researcher slashnewsletter researcher slashnewsletter researcher and hit enter on that, the slash command and hit enter on that, the slash command and hit enter on that, the slash command will actually spin up a sub agent. will actually spin up a sub agent. will actually spin up a sub agent. The sub agent will now go and read The sub agent will now go and read The sub agent will now go and read newsletter URLs from the newsletter newsletter URLs from the newsletter newsletter URLs from the newsletter links.mmd which is this. links.mmd which is this. links.mmd which is this. It's going to fetch and analyze the It's going to fetch and analyze the It's going to fetch and analyze the posts from these newsletters. So it's posts from these newsletters. So it's posts from these newsletters. So it's going to go on Justin Welsh's Dan Co going to go on Justin Welsh's Dan Co going to go on Justin Welsh's Dan Co yours Sahil Blooms. It's going to yours Sahil Blooms. It's going to yours Sahil Blooms. It's going to instantly kind of read all your past instantly kind of read all your past instantly kind of read all your past newsletters. newsletters. newsletters. It's going to identify trending topics It's going to identify trending topics It's going to identify trending topics and patterns. So if all you guys are and patterns. So if all you guys are and patterns. So if all you guys are talking about the same thing, it'll talking about the same thing, it'll talking about the same thing, it'll identify that and it will then create a identify that and it will then create a identify that and it will then create a newsletter draft and subject lines in my newsletter draft and subject lines in my newsletter draft and subject lines in my voice, right? Because it's going to read voice, right? Because it's going to read voice, right? Because it's going to read through my newsletter. So it'll read it through my newsletter. So it'll read it through my newsletter. So it'll read it in my voice and then create a draft in in my voice and then create a draft in in my voice and then create a draft in my voice uh and put a draft in here and my voice uh and put a draft in here and my voice uh and put a draft in here and has a folder with the drafts in it for has a folder with the drafts in it for has a folder with the drafts in it for every draft that's written. And so now I every draft that's written. And so now I every draft that's written. And so now I send my newsletter out on Thursdays. send my newsletter out on Thursdays. send my newsletter out on Thursdays. Every Thursday I wake up, I type in Every Thursday I wake up, I type in Every Thursday I wake up, I type in slashnewsletter researcher. It goes, it slashnewsletter researcher. It goes, it slashnewsletter researcher. It goes, it writes me a draft. I then go into the writes me a draft. I then go into the writes me a draft. I then go into the draft, edit it, make it my own, and it draft, edit it, make it my own, and it draft, edit it, make it my own, and it saves me couple hours a week. saves me couple hours a week. saves me couple hours a week. So, where is the prompt? Uh, do you have So, where is the prompt? Uh, do you have So, where is the prompt? Uh, do you have a file somewhere? a file somewhere? a file somewhere? I do. Let me uh let me show you. I do. Let me uh let me show you. I do. Let me uh let me show you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so, I'll share this uh doc link. Let And so, I'll share this uh doc link. Let And so, I'll share this uh doc link. Let me make this bigger. I'll send share me make this bigger. I'll send share me make this bigger. I'll send share this with you so you can share it with this with you so you can share it with this with you so you can share it with your audience. But each one of these, so your audience. But each one of these, so your audience. But each one of these, so I have, I think, five different uh slash I have, I think, five different uh slash I have, I think, five different uh slash commands I use for my life OS. Let's go commands I use for my life OS. Let's go commands I use for my life OS. Let's go to the newsletter researcher just so you to the newsletter researcher just so you to the newsletter researcher just so you can see how that works. Uh here's the can see how that works. Uh here's the can see how that works. Uh here's the prompt. prompt. prompt. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, create a newsletter research system that create a newsletter research system that create a newsletter research system that analyzes competitor newsletters and analyzes competitor newsletters and analyzes competitor newsletters and writes drafts. So it builds the slash writes drafts. So it builds the slash writes drafts. So it builds the slash command, right? The slashnewsletter command, right? The slashnewsletter command, right? The slashnewsletter research slash command, which is all research slash command, which is all research slash command, which is all it's just a fi a markdown file in your it's just a fi a markdown file in your it's just a fi a markdown file in your directory that is specifically for slash directory that is specifically for slash directory that is specifically for slash commands. Mhm. commands. Mhm. commands. Mhm. Uh, and then it builds the sub aents. Uh, and then it builds the sub aents. Uh, and then it builds the sub aents. So, a content researcher sub agent that So, a content researcher sub agent that So, a content researcher sub agent that researches you, literally you, your researches you, literally you, your researches you, literally you, your newsletter, and then a newsletter writer newsletter, and then a newsletter writer newsletter, and then a newsletter writer sub agent that then takes the research sub agent that then takes the research sub agent that then takes the research from the content researcher sub agent from the content researcher sub agent from the content researcher sub agent and writes the newsletter draft for me. and writes the newsletter draft for me. and writes the newsletter draft for me. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. And it builds it all out. Pretty pretty And it builds it all out. Pretty pretty And it builds it all out. Pretty pretty simple uh prompt. simple uh prompt. simple uh prompt. And where do you put this prompt in uh And where do you put this prompt in uh And where do you put this prompt in uh your file? like like is it part of the your file? like like is it part of the your file? like like is it part of the slash command or what do you paste this slash command or what do you paste this slash command or what do you paste this prompt into? prompt into? prompt into? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, just give it to Claude. just give it to Claude. just give it to Claude. Just give copy paste it go into claude Just give copy paste it go into claude Just give copy paste it go into claude code. Right. So the setup is pretty code. Right. So the setup is pretty code. Right. So the setup is pretty simple. simple. simple. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. So the setup for all this is simple. So the setup for all this is simple. So the setup for all this is simple. Create a new folder on your computer. I Create a new folder on your computer. I Create a new folder on your computer. I do it in my documents folder. do it in my documents folder. do it in my documents folder. Inside that include whatever context you Inside that include whatever context you Inside that include whatever context you want. So if you want to do what I did, want. So if you want to do what I did, want. So if you want to do what I did, which is the newsletter researcher, make which is the newsletter researcher, make which is the newsletter researcher, make a new folder in that directory for a new folder in that directory for a new folder in that directory for newsletter. newsletter. newsletter. Then create a markdown file with Then create a markdown file with Then create a markdown file with newsletter links, paste all the links in newsletter links, paste all the links in newsletter links, paste all the links in and then open up claude code and paste and then open up claude code and paste and then open up claude code and paste in that prompt from that document which in that prompt from that document which in that prompt from that document which basically says, hey, set up this slash basically says, hey, set up this slash basically says, hey, set up this slash command and sub agent. command and sub agent. command and sub agent. Okay, Okay, Okay, paste it in, hit enter, and claude code paste it in, hit enter, and claude code paste it in, hit enter, and claude code goes in and I think you can see it here. goes in and I think you can see it here. goes in and I think you can see it here. Yeah, it builds its own directory for Yeah, it builds its own directory for Yeah, it builds its own directory for commands and it builds its own directory commands and it builds its own directory commands and it builds its own directory for sub aents and sets it up for itself. for sub aents and sets it up for itself. for sub aents and sets it up for itself. Oh, that's okay. So, so it probably Oh, that's okay. So, so it probably Oh, that's okay. So, so it probably saved the newsletter researcher prompt saved the newsletter researcher prompt saved the newsletter researcher prompt in the commands, right? In in that file. in the commands, right? In in that file. in the commands, right? In in that file. Well, it takes the prompt and sets up Well, it takes the prompt and sets up Well, it takes the prompt and sets up the command. So, let's go into the command. So, let's go into the command. So, let's go into newsletter. So, it's not directly saving newsletter. So, it's not directly saving newsletter. So, it's not directly saving the prompt. It's just taking the prompt the prompt. It's just taking the prompt the prompt. It's just taking the prompt and taking the instructions from the and taking the instructions from the and taking the instructions from the prompt prompt prompt and setting up its own instructions and setting up its own instructions and setting up its own instructions inside the commands file. inside the commands file. inside the commands file. Dude, can I see the news? Can I see one Dude, can I see the news? Can I see one Dude, can I see the news? Can I see one of the sub agents? Like is is that like of the sub agents? Like is is that like of the sub agents? Like is is that like another prompt like the newsletter another prompt like the newsletter another prompt like the newsletter writer or you know? writer or you know? writer or you know? So newsletter writer. You're Alex So newsletter writer. You're Alex So newsletter writer. You're Alex Spinn's newsletter ghost writer Spinn's newsletter ghost writer Spinn's newsletter ghost writer specializing in creating engaging specializing in creating engaging specializing in creating engaging newsletters that blend AI insights, newsletters that blend AI insights, newsletters that blend AI insights, creator growth strategies, and personal creator growth strategies, and personal creator growth strategies, and personal stories. stories. stories. And here's my voice. Here's how my and And here's my voice. Here's how my and And here's my voice. Here's how my and so it read and listen I didn't write any so it read and listen I didn't write any so it read and listen I didn't write any of this. This is all cloud code wrote of this. This is all cloud code wrote of this. This is all cloud code wrote this entire file. This is completely this entire file. This is completely this entire file. This is completely automatically made. automatically made. automatically made. It what it did was it read my It what it did was it read my It what it did was it read my newsletters, right? It went to newsletters, right? It went to newsletters, right? It went to alexfin.ai alexfin.ai alexfin.ai read my newsletters and then determined read my newsletters and then determined read my newsletters and then determined my voice and then created all these my voice and then created all these my voice and then created all these tasks and structures and everything by tasks and structures and everything by tasks and structures and everything by itself based on the prompt I showed you. itself based on the prompt I showed you. itself based on the prompt I showed you. Yeah, that's pretty wild, man. So Yeah, that's pretty wild, man. So Yeah, that's pretty wild, man. So basically it took your master prompt to basically it took your master prompt to basically it took your master prompt to make all these like command and sub make all these like command and sub make all these like command and sub agent subfolders and for each one is agent subfolders and for each one is agent subfolders and for each one is wrote its own prompt based on the links wrote its own prompt based on the links wrote its own prompt based on the links that you give it, right? That's that you give it, right? That's that you give it, right? That's basically what it did. basically what it did. basically what it did. It basically prompted itself to build It basically prompted itself to build It basically prompted itself to build its own structure of what it needs to its own structure of what it needs to its own structure of what it needs to do. do. do. Yeah, that that is wow, dude. Yeah, that that is wow, dude. Yeah, that that is wow, dude. So uh but but um but of course you have So uh but but um but of course you have So uh but but um but of course you have to audit read result, right? Like you to audit read result, right? Like you to audit read result, right? Like you don't you don't just copy and paste don't you don't just copy and paste don't you don't just copy and paste whatever it come up with to to your new whatever it come up with to to your new whatever it come up with to to your new newsletter. Yeah, newsletter. Yeah, newsletter. Yeah, AI is not at the place yet where you can AI is not at the place yet where you can AI is not at the place yet where you can say write this and then you copy and say write this and then you copy and say write this and then you copy and paste it and press send it. It's just paste it and press send it. It's just paste it and press send it. It's just not there yet. It it still feels a not there yet. It it still feels a not there yet. It it still feels a little too robotic. And you can prompt little too robotic. And you can prompt little too robotic. And you can prompt it to a point where it feels more human, it to a point where it feels more human, it to a point where it feels more human, but but but I don't consciously feel good just I don't consciously feel good just I don't consciously feel good just copying and pasting AI content and copying and pasting AI content and copying and pasting AI content and hitting send. I want it to feel my hitting send. I want it to feel my hitting send. I want it to feel my personal. I want it to feel my own. So, personal. I want it to feel my own. So, personal. I want it to feel my own. So, this is just the draft, right? And I'm this is just the draft, right? And I'm this is just the draft, right? And I'm going to show you what the draft looks going to show you what the draft looks going to show you what the draft looks like, right? Gives you a few subject like, right? Gives you a few subject like, right? Gives you a few subject line options, builds you a draft. I then line options, builds you a draft. I then line options, builds you a draft. I then take the draft and I pretty much gut it, take the draft and I pretty much gut it, take the draft and I pretty much gut it, but then use the template and the but then use the template and the but then use the template and the structure to put in my own writing. structure to put in my own writing. structure to put in my own writing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I do this whole Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I do this whole Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I do this whole thing too uh except I use cloud projects thing too uh except I use cloud projects thing too uh except I use cloud projects instead of cloud code. The problem with instead of cloud code. The problem with instead of cloud code. The problem with project is like I have to manually paste project is like I have to manually paste project is like I have to manually paste in all the content and the research I do in all the content and the research I do in all the content and the research I do and I have to manually tell it like what and I have to manually tell it like what and I have to manually tell it like what topics I'm interested in writing about. topics I'm interested in writing about. topics I'm interested in writing about. Right. So it still works but it's like Right. So it still works but it's like Right. So it still works but it's like way more manual than what you've set up way more manual than what you've set up way more manual than what you've set up here. here. here. Yeah. It's a lot more automatic. You can Yeah. It's a lot more automatic. You can Yeah. It's a lot more automatic. You can set up a lot more custom processes like set up a lot more custom processes like set up a lot more custom processes like cuz in clawed projects which I still use cuz in clawed projects which I still use cuz in clawed projects which I still use projects for a lot of different things projects for a lot of different things projects for a lot of different things but you can't like set up slash commands but you can't like set up slash commands but you can't like set up slash commands or sub aents or things like that. And or sub aents or things like that. And or sub aents or things like that. And it's also not managed through your it's also not managed through your it's also not managed through your computer, right? Like this, these are computer, right? Like this, these are computer, right? Like this, these are all local files. And so if I want to do all local files. And so if I want to do all local files. And so if I want to do a brain dump, I literally just open up a a brain dump, I literally just open up a a brain dump, I literally just open up a new file and start writing, right? And new file and start writing, right? And new file and start writing, right? And so that's another advantage of this as so that's another advantage of this as so that's another advantage of this as well. well. well. And and how did you like dude, you have And and how did you like dude, you have And and how did you like dude, you have a lot of stuff in here, man. Did you a lot of stuff in here, man. Did you a lot of stuff in here, man. Did you just like uh build more and more sub just like uh build more and more sub just like uh build more and more sub agents and slash commands over time or agents and slash commands over time or agents and slash commands over time or how do you how do you how do you Yeah, any anytime like I I think one of Yeah, any anytime like I I think one of Yeah, any anytime like I I think one of the most important skills you can have the most important skills you can have the most important skills you can have in 2025 in 2025 in 2025 is being able to automatically is being able to automatically is being able to automatically during whatever task you do during the during whatever task you do during the during whatever task you do during the day, day, day, think how can I implement AI into this think how can I implement AI into this think how can I implement AI into this task? task? task? Right? the more you can have that kind Right? the more you can have that kind Right? the more you can have that kind of reflex as you work, the better you'll of reflex as you work, the better you'll of reflex as you work, the better you'll be and the more like tools and things be and the more like tools and things be and the more like tools and things you'll come up with. And so, the reason you'll come up with. And so, the reason you'll come up with. And so, the reason why you see so many commands and sub why you see so many commands and sub why you see so many commands and sub agents here is as I'm working throughout agents here is as I'm working throughout agents here is as I'm working throughout the day, no matter what it is, the task the day, no matter what it is, the task the day, no matter what it is, the task I'm doing, right? I like I have my list I'm doing, right? I like I have my list I'm doing, right? I like I have my list here in my notebook of all the tasks I here in my notebook of all the tasks I here in my notebook of all the tasks I got to do today. As I go down the tasks, got to do today. As I go down the tasks, got to do today. As I go down the tasks, I think, how can I set up a clawed sub I think, how can I set up a clawed sub I think, how can I set up a clawed sub agent that makes this easier? How can I agent that makes this easier? How can I agent that makes this easier? How can I set up a slash command that makes this set up a slash command that makes this set up a slash command that makes this faster? How can I use GPT5, faster? How can I use GPT5, faster? How can I use GPT5, you know, to bounce ideas for this task you know, to bounce ideas for this task you know, to bounce ideas for this task to make it more efficient or whatever it to make it more efficient or whatever it to make it more efficient or whatever it is? And that's why you see so many is? And that's why you see so many is? And that's why you see so many commands and sub aents here is I'll be commands and sub aents here is I'll be commands and sub aents here is I'll be doing something. I'll be like, man, what doing something. I'll be like, man, what doing something. I'll be like, man, what are my goals this week? I'll be like, are my goals this week? I'll be like, are my goals this week? I'll be like, why don't I just run this through why don't I just run this through why don't I just run this through Claude? And I can automatically have it Claude? And I can automatically have it Claude? And I can automatically have it prompt my goals for the week. And that's prompt my goals for the week. And that's prompt my goals for the week. And that's why you see a sub agent for that here. why you see a sub agent for that here. why you see a sub agent for that here. Okay. So, um Okay, so this is a wrap Okay. So, um Okay, so this is a wrap Okay. So, um Okay, so this is a wrap this newsletter researcher. It looks this newsletter researcher. It looks this newsletter researcher. It looks like it did write a It did write a like it did write a It did write a like it did write a It did write a draft, right? draft, right? draft, right? Yeah. So, let's see. Let me say enter on Yeah. So, let's see. Let me say enter on Yeah. So, let's see. Let me say enter on here. here. here. It's still working. It's still working. It's still working. So, 811. So, yep. Here, this is the So, 811. So, yep. Here, this is the So, 811. So, yep. Here, this is the draft. So, let's see. Why data beats gut draft. So, let's see. Why data beats gut draft. So, let's see. Why data beats gut every time. Last week, I was talking to every time. Last week, I was talking to every time. Last week, I was talking to a creator with 50K followers who told me a creator with 50K followers who told me a creator with 50K followers who told me something that stopped me cold. I've something that stopped me cold. I've something that stopped me cold. I've been posting for two years and I still been posting for two years and I still been posting for two years and I still have no idea what works. This hit have no idea what works. This hit have no idea what works. This hit different because 18 months ago, that different because 18 months ago, that different because 18 months ago, that was literally me. And it actually took was literally me. And it actually took was literally me. And it actually took backstory about myself, the MongoDB backstory about myself, the MongoDB backstory about myself, the MongoDB moment. So, I worked at MongoDB before I moment. So, I worked at MongoDB before I moment. So, I worked at MongoDB before I quit to do content and AI full-time. quit to do content and AI full-time. quit to do content and AI full-time. Okay? Okay? Okay? And it included one of my stories in And it included one of my stories in And it included one of my stories in there. And it talked about how it led to there. And it talked about how it led to there. And it talked about how it led to me getting a following and building me getting a following and building me getting a following and building Creator Buddy. And here's what's wild. Creator Buddy. And here's what's wild. Creator Buddy. And here's what's wild. 95% of creators I talk to are still 95% of creators I talk to are still 95% of creators I talk to are still flying blind. The AI integration gap flying blind. The AI integration gap flying blind. The AI integration gap that's costing you growth. And it that's costing you growth. And it that's costing you growth. And it includes all this in here. And it includes all this in here. And it includes all this in here. And it basically what it did is it probably saw basically what it did is it probably saw basically what it did is it probably saw you were talking about the creator you were talking about the creator you were talking about the creator economy. It probably showed Danco was economy. It probably showed Danco was economy. It probably showed Danco was talking about coming back from talking about coming back from talking about coming back from challenges and things like that and challenges and things like that and challenges and things like that and awakening moment and it kind of included awakening moment and it kind of included awakening moment and it kind of included all that in the newsletter draft. all that in the newsletter draft. all that in the newsletter draft. Yeah, that that's great stuff, man. Yeah, that that's great stuff, man. Yeah, that that's great stuff, man. Okay, so let's wrap up this call live Okay, so let's wrap up this call live Okay, so let's wrap up this call live thing by uh looking at your slash thing by uh looking at your slash thing by uh looking at your slash commands and just do like a quick highle commands and just do like a quick highle commands and just do like a quick highle walkthrough of what each one does. walkthrough of what each one does. walkthrough of what each one does. Absolutely. So let me see. I'll make Absolutely. So let me see. I'll make Absolutely. So let me see. I'll make this even bigger for you here. Okay. this even bigger for you here. Okay. this even bigger for you here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I've done a lot of things uh with So, I've done a lot of things uh with So, I've done a lot of things uh with Claude uh sub agents and slashcomands, a Claude uh sub agents and slashcomands, a Claude uh sub agents and slashcomands, a lot of different things in here. So, I lot of different things in here. So, I lot of different things in here. So, I have a brain dump analysis. And so, what have a brain dump analysis. And so, what have a brain dump analysis. And so, what I do every day is I have brain dumps in I do every day is I have brain dumps in I do every day is I have brain dumps in this folder and I'll put in different this folder and I'll put in different this folder and I'll put in different brain dumps for my days in here and I'll brain dumps for my days in here and I'll brain dumps for my days in here and I'll open up a markdown folder and just open up a markdown folder and just open up a markdown folder and just whatever's on my mind that day. Whatever whatever's on my mind that day. Whatever whatever's on my mind that day. Whatever kind of thoughts, opinions I have. Like kind of thoughts, opinions I have. Like kind of thoughts, opinions I have. Like today I'll be I'll probably have a brain today I'll be I'll probably have a brain today I'll be I'll probably have a brain dump and I'll be like I did a YouTube dump and I'll be like I did a YouTube dump and I'll be like I did a YouTube interview with Peter. YouTube interviews interview with Peter. YouTube interviews interview with Peter. YouTube interviews are really cool. I can get a lot of are really cool. I can get a lot of are really cool. I can get a lot of information out of it. Maybe I should do information out of it. Maybe I should do information out of it. Maybe I should do more YouTube interviews on my channel. more YouTube interviews on my channel. more YouTube interviews on my channel. You know, I'll just brain dump things You know, I'll just brain dump things You know, I'll just brain dump things like that. like that. like that. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then I run the brain dump analysis. And then I run the brain dump analysis. And then I run the brain dump analysis. And let me make this a little bit And let me make this a little bit And let me make this a little bit smaller here. And basically what it does smaller here. And basically what it does smaller here. And basically what it does is it goes through it scans my brain is it goes through it scans my brain is it goes through it scans my brain dumps, my recent brain dumps I think dumps, my recent brain dumps I think dumps, my recent brain dumps I think from the last week and it looks for from the last week and it looks for from the last week and it looks for insights and patterns, recurring themes, insights and patterns, recurring themes, insights and patterns, recurring themes, evolution of ideas over time, key evolution of ideas over time, key evolution of ideas over time, key questions and break breakthroughs, questions and break breakthroughs, questions and break breakthroughs, hidden connections between thoughts. hidden connections between thoughts. hidden connections between thoughts. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the goal of this is to find new And the goal of this is to find new And the goal of this is to find new pillars for my content. You know, I'm a pillars for my content. You know, I'm a pillars for my content. You know, I'm a believer in, you know, really good believer in, you know, really good believer in, you know, really good content and content creators have five content and content creators have five content and content creators have five to 10 pillars and they just drive those to 10 pillars and they just drive those to 10 pillars and they just drive those pillars over and over and over and over pillars over and over and over and over pillars over and over and over and over and over again, right? Like one of my and over again, right? Like one of my and over again, right? Like one of my pillars is anyone can build apps with AI pillars is anyone can build apps with AI pillars is anyone can build apps with AI and start a business that gives them and start a business that gives them and start a business that gives them financial freedom. financial freedom. financial freedom. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I just include that pillar in my And I just include that pillar in my And I just include that pillar in my content over and over and over and over content over and over and over and over content over and over and over and over and over and over again. And so what and over and over again. And so what and over and over again. And so what this slash command does is help me find this slash command does is help me find this slash command does is help me find new pillars. It reads all my brain dumps new pillars. It reads all my brain dumps new pillars. It reads all my brain dumps and goes, you know, your thought you had and goes, you know, your thought you had and goes, you know, your thought you had here, you should make more content out here, you should make more content out here, you should make more content out of it. of it. of it. Got it. So, so it it actually looks at Got it. So, so it it actually looks at Got it. So, so it it actually looks at your brain dumps for the past like 30 your brain dumps for the past like 30 your brain dumps for the past like 30 days or not just past day, right? Like days or not just past day, right? Like days or not just past day, right? Like it tries to find patterns over time. it tries to find patterns over time. it tries to find patterns over time. Is that what? Is that what? Is that what? Yes. Analyzes all brain dumps from the Yes. Analyzes all brain dumps from the Yes. Analyzes all brain dumps from the last 30 days. Okay. And tries to find last 30 days. Okay. And tries to find last 30 days. Okay. And tries to find patterns. patterns. patterns. Okay. That's awesome. Yeah. All right. Okay. That's awesome. Yeah. All right. Okay. That's awesome. Yeah. All right. Let's quickly go over some of the other Let's quickly go over some of the other Let's quickly go over some of the other ones. So, I have a daily brief and this ones. So, I have a daily brief and this ones. So, I have a daily brief and this basically prompts me for prompts me with basically prompts me for prompts me with basically prompts me for prompts me with questions like how many followers do you questions like how many followers do you questions like how many followers do you now have? How many subscribers on now have? How many subscribers on now have? How many subscribers on YouTube do you have? What's your MR? YouTube do you have? What's your MR? YouTube do you have? What's your MR? What's your ARR? How are you feeling? What's your ARR? How are you feeling? What's your ARR? How are you feeling? You know, what was a big challenge you You know, what was a big challenge you You know, what was a big challenge you had? And ask me those questions. I had? And ask me those questions. I had? And ask me those questions. I answer them and then it builds me a answer them and then it builds me a answer them and then it builds me a dashboard. Uh, which let's see here. dashboard. Uh, which let's see here. dashboard. Uh, which let's see here. Where's my daily my daily brief? Where's my daily my daily brief? Where's my daily my daily brief? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It basically goes in uh actually no, It basically goes in uh actually no, It basically goes in uh actually no, it's not daily brief. It's uh is it it's not daily brief. It's uh is it it's not daily brief. It's uh is it under metrics? Uh let's see. under metrics? Uh let's see. under metrics? Uh let's see. There's a weekly dashboard. Is that There's a weekly dashboard. Is that There's a weekly dashboard. Is that weekly dashboard? Yep. weekly dashboard? Yep. weekly dashboard? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it gives me my And it looks bad And it gives me my And it looks bad And it gives me my And it looks bad here, but if I actually open this up in here, but if I actually open this up in here, but if I actually open this up in Obsidian, it's well structured. Obsidian, it's well structured. Obsidian, it's well structured. Um let me see if I can actually show you Um let me see if I can actually show you Um let me see if I can actually show you an example in Obsidian. Yeah. Boom. Here an example in Obsidian. Yeah. Boom. Here an example in Obsidian. Yeah. Boom. Here we go. Let me share my screen. I'll we go. Let me share my screen. I'll we go. Let me share my screen. I'll actually show you. So, it builds a actually show you. So, it builds a actually show you. So, it builds a dashboard for me that looks like this. dashboard for me that looks like this. dashboard for me that looks like this. So massive week So massive week So massive week tracks my creator buddy arr how many tracks my creator buddy arr how many tracks my creator buddy arr how many paying subscribers I have my followers paying subscribers I have my followers paying subscribers I have my followers uh and I can see like how close I am to uh and I can see like how close I am to uh and I can see like how close I am to my goals for my trends over weeks uh my goals for my trends over weeks uh my goals for my trends over weeks uh insights around my life. So what's insights around my life. So what's insights around my life. So what's working for me, what isn't, action items working for me, what isn't, action items working for me, what isn't, action items I should do the next week to keep I should do the next week to keep I should do the next week to keep improving. It basically asks me four or improving. It basically asks me four or improving. It basically asks me four or five questions and builds me this entire five questions and builds me this entire five questions and builds me this entire dashboard of how close I'm getting to my dashboard of how close I'm getting to my dashboard of how close I'm getting to my goals. I just do this every day. goals. I just do this every day. goals. I just do this every day. That's great. That's great. That's great. Yeah. It's like a motivational coach and Yeah. It's like a motivational coach and Yeah. It's like a motivational coach and like an analyst at the same time. like an analyst at the same time. like an analyst at the same time. Exactly. And like this is none of this Exactly. And like this is none of this Exactly. And like this is none of this has to do with code, right? This is all has to do with code, right? This is all has to do with code, right? This is all just Claude doing tasks for me. And not just Claude doing tasks for me. And not just Claude doing tasks for me. And not many people realize Claude code actually many people realize Claude code actually many people realize Claude code actually does way more than just coding. does way more than just coding. does way more than just coding. Yeah. I mean that that that's what I Yeah. I mean that that that's what I Yeah. I mean that that that's what I want to dive into. Yeah. So, uh is there want to dive into. Yeah. So, uh is there want to dive into. Yeah. So, uh is there like one more you want to show or like one more you want to show or like one more you want to show or Yeah, let's do that. Let me go back up Yeah, let's do that. Let me go back up Yeah, let's do that. Let me go back up here. What's a good one here? Um oh, uh here. What's a good one here? Um oh, uh here. What's a good one here? Um oh, uh let's see. Daily D daily brief. So I do let's see. Daily D daily brief. So I do let's see. Daily D daily brief. So I do this every morning this every morning this every morning and what daily brief does is it actually and what daily brief does is it actually and what daily brief does is it actually searches the web for the latest news in searches the web for the latest news in searches the web for the latest news in anything I'm interested in. So AI, tech, anything I'm interested in. So AI, tech, anything I'm interested in. So AI, tech, entrepreneurship, creativity. I go in entrepreneurship, creativity. I go in entrepreneurship, creativity. I go in instead of me opening up uh you know a instead of me opening up uh you know a instead of me opening up uh you know a CNN.com or Wall Street Journal, CNN.com or Wall Street Journal, CNN.com or Wall Street Journal, whatever, this actually will go search whatever, this actually will go search whatever, this actually will go search the web because again Claude Code has a the web because again Claude Code has a the web because again Claude Code has a web searching tool, web searching tool, web searching tool, find all the latest news, uh give me a find all the latest news, uh give me a find all the latest news, uh give me a daily brief on like everything that's daily brief on like everything that's daily brief on like everything that's going on, anything important that going on, anything important that going on, anything important that happened overnight. give me the happened overnight. give me the happened overnight. give me the publication date, the source name, why publication date, the source name, why publication date, the source name, why it matters, uh, and build me priority it matters, uh, and build me priority it matters, uh, and build me priority updates, industry trends, opportunities, updates, industry trends, opportunities, updates, industry trends, opportunities, researches and studies, tool updates, researches and studies, tool updates, researches and studies, tool updates, people to watch, and I just literally people to watch, and I just literally people to watch, and I just literally just do slash daily brief, hit enter, it just do slash daily brief, hit enter, it just do slash daily brief, hit enter, it goes builds all that. And then goes builds all that. And then goes builds all that. And then you can see exactly what it comes up you can see exactly what it comes up you can see exactly what it comes up with here, which is priority updates. with here, which is priority updates. with here, which is priority updates. YouTube cracks down on AI generated YouTube cracks down on AI generated YouTube cracks down on AI generated content, tells me the source, when it content, tells me the source, when it content, tells me the source, when it was published, why it matters, gives me was published, why it matters, gives me was published, why it matters, gives me an angle, so like a hot take I can have an angle, so like a hot take I can have an angle, so like a hot take I can have about it if I want to create content about it if I want to create content about it if I want to create content around it, and gives me a whole bunch of around it, and gives me a whole bunch of around it, and gives me a whole bunch of news stories from uh overnight that it news stories from uh overnight that it news stories from uh overnight that it just goes and researches for me. just goes and researches for me. just goes and researches for me. Do you give it like publication links or Do you give it like publication links or Do you give it like publication links or No, you just tell it to look up. No, you just tell it to look up. No, you just tell it to look up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Wow. Just searches for itself. Just searches for itself. Just searches for itself. And and you probably didn't make this And and you probably didn't make this And and you probably didn't make this prompt from scratch, right? You probably prompt from scratch, right? You probably prompt from scratch, right? You probably just got cloud to make it. just got cloud to make it. just got cloud to make it. Exactly. So I went to Claude and I said Exactly. So I went to Claude and I said Exactly. So I went to Claude and I said I want to build a sub agent that I want to build a sub agent that I want to build a sub agent that slashcomand that spawns sub aents that slashcomand that spawns sub aents that slashcomand that spawns sub aents that goes and does research for me. goes and does research for me. goes and does research for me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On the internet for the latest stories On the internet for the latest stories On the internet for the latest stories about tech and AI and all that. Please about tech and AI and all that. Please about tech and AI and all that. Please build me a prompt. I can put in a claude build me a prompt. I can put in a claude build me a prompt. I can put in a claude code that will build this out for me code that will build this out for me code that will build this out for me that also gets me other interesting and that also gets me other interesting and that also gets me other interesting and relevant pieces of information. And the relevant pieces of information. And the relevant pieces of information. And the reason why I do that is Claude is so reason why I do that is Claude is so reason why I do that is Claude is so creative and thinks so much outside the creative and thinks so much outside the creative and thinks so much outside the box that I wanted to build the prompt box that I wanted to build the prompt box that I wanted to build the prompt for me so that it comes up with other for me so that it comes up with other for me so that it comes up with other things it can include in that sub agent things it can include in that sub agent things it can include in that sub agent that I didn't even think of. that I didn't even think of. that I didn't even think of. And that's what built this And that's what built this And that's what built this and then you can always modify it and then you can always modify it and then you can always modify it afterwards. Yeah, afterwards. Yeah, afterwards. Yeah, exactly. exactly. exactly. All right. All right. So I guess the the All right. All right. So I guess the the All right. All right. So I guess the the TRDR from this interview is set up your TRDR from this interview is set up your TRDR from this interview is set up your Claw live project and uh whenever you Claw live project and uh whenever you Claw live project and uh whenever you have something kind of that you want to have something kind of that you want to have something kind of that you want to do every week or maybe every day like do every week or maybe every day like do every week or maybe every day like set up a tell cla to set up a slash set up a tell cla to set up a slash set up a tell cla to set up a slash command and a sub agent to just do it command and a sub agent to just do it command and a sub agent to just do it for you. Kind of TLDDR, right? Yeah, for you. Kind of TLDDR, right? Yeah, for you. Kind of TLDDR, right? Yeah, I'd say that's the TLDDR and I would say I'd say that's the TLDDR and I would say I'd say that's the TLDDR and I would say just experiment, right? Reserve time just experiment, right? Reserve time just experiment, right? Reserve time every day just to talk to Claude and see every day just to talk to Claude and see every day just to talk to Claude and see what it can do. I I think a lot of what it can do. I I think a lot of what it can do. I I think a lot of people go with very specific ideas of people go with very specific ideas of people go with very specific ideas of what they want. But like this all came what they want. But like this all came what they want. But like this all came from me being like, "Oh, I'm going to from me being like, "Oh, I'm going to from me being like, "Oh, I'm going to spend the next hour on my couch with my spend the next hour on my couch with my spend the next hour on my couch with my MacBook right in front of my face just MacBook right in front of my face just MacBook right in front of my face just seeing what Claude Code can do." And it seeing what Claude Code can do." And it seeing what Claude Code can do." And it that's what spawned all that. So just that's what spawned all that. So just that's what spawned all that. So just spend time experimenting and you'll spend time experimenting and you'll spend time experimenting and you'll you'll come up with cool ideas like you'll come up with cool ideas like you'll come up with cool ideas like this. this. this. Awesome, Alex. So So um where can people Awesome, Alex. So So um where can people Awesome, Alex. So So um where can people find you online and also uh your find you online and also uh your find you online and also uh your startup? startup? startup? You can find me online two places. You can find me online two places. You can find me online two places. YouTube, Alexfinnofficial. If you just YouTube, Alexfinnofficial. If you just YouTube, Alexfinnofficial. If you just search Alex Finn, I'm sure you'll find search Alex Finn, I'm sure you'll find search Alex Finn, I'm sure you'll find me. Uh, and then X, me. Uh, and then X, me. Uh, and then X, Alexfinx. Alexfinx. Alexfinx. Create a bunch of content about AI on Create a bunch of content about AI on Create a bunch of content about AI on both those platforms. And then I both those platforms. And then I both those platforms. And then I launched a startup uh in January this launched a startup uh in January this launched a startup uh in January this year, so about eight months ago now, uh, year, so about eight months ago now, uh, year, so about eight months ago now, uh, called Creator Buddy, which is basically called Creator Buddy, which is basically called Creator Buddy, which is basically an AI that's built on the Twitter an AI that's built on the Twitter an AI that's built on the Twitter algorithm, the Twitter API. It pulls in algorithm, the Twitter API. It pulls in algorithm, the Twitter API. It pulls in all your posts and can tell you what's all your posts and can tell you what's all your posts and can tell you what's working well, what isn't working well working well, what isn't working well working well, what isn't working well for you, what you should talk more for you, what you should talk more for you, what you should talk more about, and just helps you come up with about, and just helps you come up with about, and just helps you come up with way way more ideas uh that perform well way way more ideas uh that perform well way way more ideas uh that perform well on on X. And uh been going pretty well. on on X. And uh been going pretty well. on on X. And uh been going pretty well. We have I think close to 600 paid subs We have I think close to 600 paid subs We have I think close to 600 paid subs now. We're up to $300,000 ARR. It's all now. We're up to $300,000 ARR. It's all now. We're up to $300,000 ARR. It's all one man show. Built the entire thing one man show. Built the entire thing one man show. Built the entire thing myself. Uh so it's awesome. And you can myself. Uh so it's awesome. And you can myself. Uh so it's awesome. And you can try it for free. try it for free. try it for free. It's It's basically you and Cloud, It's It's basically you and Cloud, It's It's basically you and Cloud, right, that built this startup. right, that built this startup. right, that built this startup. Exactly. Me and Claude, uh, my $200 a Exactly. Me and Claude, uh, my $200 a Exactly. Me and Claude, uh, my $200 a month employee, Claude Code. month employee, Claude Code. month employee, Claude Code. Yeah, that's great. All right, man. Yeah, that's great. All right, man. Yeah, that's great. All right, man. Well, I I really admire the hustle and Well, I I really admire the hustle and Well, I I really admire the hustle and the energy, man. But you got maybe drank the energy, man. But you got maybe drank the energy, man. But you got maybe drank too much coffee, but you got you got I too much coffee, but you got you got I too much coffee, but you got you got I drink coffee and pre-workout all day, so drink coffee and pre-workout all day, so drink coffee and pre-workout all day, so maybe I should slow it down a little maybe I should slow it down a little maybe I should slow it down a little bit. bit. bit. Cool, dude. All right. Well, um, I hope Cool, dude. All right. Well, um, I hope Cool, dude. All right. Well, um, I hope to see you online and and for those of to see you online and and for those of to see you online and and for those of you listening or watching, we'll put you listening or watching, we'll put you listening or watching, we'll put links to Alex's prompts in the links to Alex's prompts in the links to Alex's prompts in the description. Yeah. description. Yeah. description. Yeah. Appreciate you, Peter. This was great. Appreciate you, Peter. This was great. Appreciate you, Peter. This was great. Amen.